we've got big shoes to fill coo cachoo
lunch even one of these here we're just
going to ask you to heal their bed have
you ever shot a want to be able to uh
huh yeah just go get you shot shots it
feels like it to show you see up around
the racecourse Speedway she was in
there's been a lot of talk about the
attempt of the sorbet tell me I'm trying
to school try dear feeling the year
appreciate you coming into this team
down no I mean you know every team's I
think struggled to school choice there's
not that we're not trying to these kids
have got a little bitter but I think
it's just the L basics that are leading
us down like we're creating a few
opportunities but you just can't get the
past go to head what's a bad pass or
something like that so you know we're
working on it things in affiliates a
good trick and both teams bring a techie
nesting that again this weekend do you
come up with a better confidence in that
attack area i do you feel like men do
you feel sort of yeah I mean no
it's always good to get the ball in your
hands and never run so i'm looking
forward to hopefully i can get involved
as much as i can and try and use the
ball I help out as much lucky in it and
it did you think you might have missed
out on another chance to start home the
shoot yeah I mean I pay their the last
source of gaming in with my where head
of the team and then really i didn't
give any opportunities and mensch you
get eight eight minutes and in the
weekend or something out of it so I just
started pick it up there I mean this
point in the loose and no one likes to
lose but it's al-sadr and get another
opportunity and then I'm going to get
nailed the starting team this week is
this huge so there's a protein that if
we do get dropped out of the 20
gotta keep on working hard and making
sure you work hard and squat system yeah
I mean you always going to be their
trainer you know always keeping an eye
if your if your market around or if
you're not training quite right so you
always got to be you know get your mind
right and if you're not playing or you
know you're not getting their game time
you're still back out the train like
yeah and you know keep edit and the
opportunity will come hopefully in you
know I've got another opportunity this
week we start up defensively you even
sit back with you just are you coping
with ms week oh yes I did it again
training yesterday I think I get a bit
to excite and think I can read the place
the guy rush out of line again so you
know it's going to be able to calm and
then stay in the structure the Arctic
were connected is obviously different
look on full week but I got a years to
it because more including so thick you
need a thousand tickets nice tasty yeah
yeah okay I'm not painful home all day
ran out of money hey Corey I'm really
happy for you and I'm gonna let you
finish but lilium Assange I had one of
the great super 14 seasons of all time
he paid it off follow that they've got
too many chiefs and a team already so
they can can't bring them when there's a
quota system and I hope it does is he
like you you know royalty you know he's
unlucky is a I mean is greater ticking
pull of the best ticker and you said
rugby sir well I think you will make it
super not I didn't mean to spoil your
mama I'm sorry about they all just got
carried away that's why I make a bit of
fun and everything sorry I hey fiance
kanye so did you know I do not seen yeah
I have it was very good
yeah so I didn't give me my shot a few
moments we'll get it oh yeah number
eight Don codons it